2026 Messaging Milestones (#280)
logos-co/roadmap: content/messaging/milestones/open/2025-nwaku-in-status-mobile.md

---

> title: Nwaku in Status Mobile and Light Mode MVP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Logos-messaging-nim in Status Mobile and Light Mode MVP
```

tags:
    - messaging-milestone
date: 2025-01-10
---

> # [Nwaku in Status Mobile and Light Mode MVP](https://github.com/waku-org/pm/milestone/39)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [Logos-messaging-nim in Status Mobile and Light Mode MVP](https://github.com/waku-org/pm/milestone/39)
```
